People came. Lots of people.
That's not possible.
This punk has 100,000 rules
Boy, I admit you have some skills
I didn't expect you to call so many actors
Come and act with you
Whether it's an actor or not, you'll know right away
Mr. Xiao was shocked
The end of Xiao's generation has arrived
It is the commander of Wuwei, the Vermilion Bird
I'm really wronged.
This is impossible
Little neighbor murdering in broad daylight
On Crime as a Pig
The protagonist will spare his life
It's all play
I shouldn't have emphasized my heart
I shouldn't have offended the legal world
To seal off all the assets of my neighbor
Spare my life
Crowd murder
Offend the law
It's a capital crime
Your collusion with Xiao Jia is even more sinful
But Rap Chairperson, forgive me
Mr. Chairperson, forgive me
It's too late to beg for mercy now
I'll leave you a whole corpse